# [v1.4.5] Release Notes

This release contains various improvements such as allowing for org-specific Tabs and it also fixes some bugs from the previous version.

For this version, you may still import Tabs using `tabTitle` and `url` (and `org`); however, from version 1.5.0, you'll have to import Tabs using `label` and `url` (and `org`). All versions of the extension until verion 1.5.0 will automatically redownload the imported list of Tabs with `label` instead of `tabTitle`. We thank you for your understanding.

## Bugs squashed

### Context Menus

1. Fixed accidental removal of Context Menu Items after a period of time (by performing a check after a while) #48.

### Salesforce

1. Fixed synchronization of Tabs between browser's tabs and windows #42;
2. Prevented the creation of multiple modals (it is now required to close the previous one) #41.

## New Functionality

### Salesforce

1. More usage of the Toast Message, showing errors when something fails (and also info or warning) #44;
2. Improved the Open Other Org modal (now using text boxes instead of disabled input fields);
3. Changed Import modal to resemble Salesforce's modals #41;
4. When a Tab is org-specific, it is shown in **bold** in the Setup bar #30;
5. When saving a new Tab using the favourite button, the URL is checked to match the Salesforce Ids pattern. If the URL is found to have an Id, it is saved as org-specific automatically #30;
6. Tabs which are org-specific but related to another org, will not be shown and their position will remain fixed #30;
7. Context Menu Items now feature Emojis for faster recall.

### Popup

1. When a Tab is org-specific, a checkbox next to its URL is ticked #30;
2. Tabs which are org-specific but related to another org, will not be shown and their position will remain fixed #30.

## Updates to the repository

1. Implemented Tab object for dealing with user's picked Tabs; #50;
2. Removed call to background page to minify/expand/else a URL (now it's done in Tab);
3. Implemented TabContainer object for managing the user's picked Tabs;
4. Implemented tests for Tab and TabContainer classes;
5. Renamed `tabTitle` to `label` for Tab objects; #50;
4. Tests have been added to the PR and Push pipeline.
